Add QUIC stream event documentation and other event related doc updates (#4960)
microsoft/msquic: docs/api/QUIC_STREAM_EVENT.md

        } CANCEL_ON_LOSS;
    };
} QUIC_STREAM_EVENT;
```

# Parameters

`Type`

The `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_TYPE` that indicates which type of event this is, and which payload to reference (if any) for additional information.

# Remarks

## QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_START_COMPLETE

This event is delivered when the [StreamStart](streamStart.md) operation completes. The accompanying payload contains data to indicate whether the operation succeeded or failed.

### START_COMPLETE

Additional state from the `StreamStart` operation is included in this payload struct/union.

`Status`

QUIC_STATUS value to indicate the operation completion code. Check for success using the QUIC_SUCCEEDED macro.

`ID`

Stream ID if available.

`PeerAccepted`

If TRUE, the peer has accepted the stream.

## QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE

Data received on an open stream is primarily delivered to the application through this event.

### RECEIVE

Received data on the stream is passed in this struct/union.

`AbsoluteOffset`

Absolute offset of the current data payload from the start of the receive operation.

`TotalBufferLength`

MsQuic indicates the total buffer length of the data in this parameter.

> If the application can processes only part of the received buffer synchronously in this call, it can be indicated to MsQuic by setting this parameter to the byte count processed and returning `QUIC_STATUS_CONTINUE` from this call.

Reviewer: I think that giving this as a short version can be confusing, because the exact behavior depends on many details (buffering mode, return value...).

Maybe something like:
 
```suggestion
The application must set this parameter to the byte count it processed. If left untouched, it means the application could process all the indicated data. Otherwise, see [Receiving Data On Streams](../Streams.md#Receiving) for details about partially accepting data or asynchronous processing.
```

Author: "must set this parameter" conflicts with "if left untouched", btw.

Our text here should be from the perspective of the application implementation. Will try to reword the text for clarity.
I think the details of receiving data are complex enough that reference to the streams.md is the right way to go.

If the application desires to process the received data asynchronously, it should return `QUIC_STATUS_PENDING` from this call.

See [Receiving Data On Streams](../Streams.md#Receiving) for further details on receiving data on a stream.

`Buffers`

An array of `QUIC_BUFFER`s containing received data.

`BufferCount`

Count of `QUIC_BUFFER`s in this payload.

`Flags`

A set of flags indicating describing the received data:

Value | Meaning
--- | ---
**QUIC_RECEIVE_FLAG_NONE**<br>0 | No special behavior.
**QUIC_RECEIVE_FLAG_0_RTT**<br>1 | The data was received in 0-RTT.
**QUIC_RECEIVE_FLAG_FIN**<br>2 | FIN was included with this data. Used only for streamed data.

## QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_SEND_COMPLETE

> Indicates that MsQuic has completed a [StreamSend](StreamSend.md) operation initated by the application.

Reviewer: Can we add here that it means the app regain ownership of the `QUIC_BUFFER` and of the referenced memory used for the matching "send" call, and can now free it / re-use it?

We recently got some questions about it.

### SEND_COMPLETE

Data for `StreamSend` completion is included in this struct/union.

`Canceled`
Indicates that the StreamSend operation was canceled.

`ClientContext`
Client context to match this event with the original `StreamSend` operation.

## QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_PEER_SEND_SHUTDOWN

> Indicates that the current send operation to the peer on this stream has been shutdown/completed.

Reviewer: This seems wrong to me?
In my understanding, an `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_PEER_SEND_SHUTDOWN` event occurs when the peer gracefully shutdowns its send path. The app gets this event when we got a FIN from the peer AND all the data got delivered to the application.
It directly follows getting a `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE` event with the `FIN` flag set.

Author: Will look further into this...

## QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_PEER_SEND_ABORTED

> Indicates that the peer has aborted `StreamSend` operation.

Reviewer: I think we could make this clearer by saying this is when the peer shut down its send path abortively.

```suggestion
Indicates that the peer has abortively closed its send path. The application won't receive any `QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE` event for this stream after this event.
```

Author: I think referring to other events here can get complicated. We should have a sequence diagram for that.

Reviewer: +1 for some diagrams.

I do think, though, that a simple version of what it means for the app to get that notification would be helpful (for instance, can I free my receive context, or could a new notification come)?

Maybe we need another file to go over the details, but it could quickly be redundant if we have to list all notifications again to give more details...

Reviewer: I agree sequence diagrams / state machines, etc... are not in the scope of this PR.
I still think some good (and short) explanation of what the event means for the user is needed here. I don't have a strong opinion on the exact words or if it should refer to other events or not.

`ConnectionShutdown`

If TRUE, the Connection corresponding to this stream has been closed locally or remotely.

`AppCloseInProgress`

If TRUE, the application is in the process of closing the stream.

`ConnectionShutdownByApp`

If TRUE, the application shutdown the Connection corresponding to this stream.

`ConnectionClosedRemotely`

If TRUE, the Connection corresponding to this stream has been closed remotely.

`ConnectionErrorCode`

62-bit Connection closure error code, if any.

`ConnectionCloseStatus`

QUIC_STATUS value of the connection close operation, if any.

## QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_IDEAL_SEND_BUFFER_SIZE

MsQuic indicates the ideal send buffer size to the application through this event, so as not to idle the connection.

### IDEAL_SEND_BUFFER_SIZE

Ideal send buffer size is indicated in this struct/union.

`ByteCount`

Ideal send buffer size in bytes for each `StreamSend` operation to avoid idling the connection.

## QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_PEER_ACCEPTED

This event is raised when a peer has provided sufficient flow control to accept a new stream. See [StreamStart](StreamStart.md) for additional information.

## QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_CANCEL_ON_LOSS

> This event is raised when a stream is shutdown due to packet loss

Reviewer: nit: Would be nice to link to the `QUIC_SEND_FLAG_CANCEL_ON_LOSS` option, since that behavior is not the default.

# Remarks

## QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_START_COMPLETE

This event is delivered when the [StreamStart](streamStart.md) operation completes. The accompanying payload contains data to indicate whether the operation succeeded or failed.

### START_COMPLETE

Additional state from the `StreamStart` operation is included in this payload struct/union.

`Status`

QUIC_STATUS value to indicate the operation completion code. Check for success using the QUIC_SUCCEEDED macro.

`ID`

Stream ID if available.

`PeerAccepted`

If TRUE, the peer has accepted the stream.

## QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_RECEIVE

Data received on an open stream is primarily delivered to the application through this event.

### RECEIVE

Received data on the stream is passed in this struct/union.

`AbsoluteOffset`

Absolute offset of the current data payload from the start of the receive operation.

`TotalBufferLength`

MsQuic indicates the total buffer length of the data in this parameter.

See [Receiving Data On Streams](../Streams.md#Receiving) for further details on receiving data on a stream.

> Most notably, if the application...

Reviewer 2: More broadly speaking, should we have these key points here, or should we just have a link from here to the comprehensive documentation on all the different receive patterns in Streams.md (above)?
The benefit to a link is having only one place to update.  The benefit to having key points here is that readers don't have to go to a new document.

MsQuic indicates the total buffer length of the data in this parameter.

See [Receiving Data On Streams](../Streams.md#Receiving) for further details on receiving data on a stream.

Most notably, if the application...

>  - processes all the received data synchronously in this call, this parameter must be left unchanged and  `QUIC_STATUS_SUCCESS` must be returned from this call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - processes all the received data synchronously in this call, this parameter must be left unchanged and `QUIC_STATUS_SUCCESS` must be returned from this call.
```

extra space :)

>  - can processes only part of the received buffer synchronously in this call, it should be indicated to MsQuic by setting this parameter to the byte count processed and returning `QUIC_STATUS_CONTINUE` from this call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - can process only part of the received buffer synchronously in this call, it should be indicated to MsQuic by setting this parameter to the byte count processed and returning `QUIC_STATUS_CONTINUE` from this call.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it should be more forceful than "...it should be indicated to MsQuic...". If only part of the data is processed, the app MUST change the TotalBufferLength, otherwise they'll lose data that wasn't processed

>  - desires to process the received data asynchronously, it should return `QUIC_STATUS_PENDING` from this call.

Reviewer 2: I agree.

## QUIC_STREAM_EVENT_PEER_SEND_SHUTDOWN

> Indicates that the current send operation from the peer on this stream has been completed/shutdown.

Reviewer: I don't think we should use "send operation" here: in MsQuic, we use "send operation" to mean a call to StreamSend.
Maybe we can use "the send direction of the stream" instead?

I would also say "gracefully completed/shutdown" just to be very clear this isn't emmited on an abortive shutdown.

Reviewer 2: Ditto.
